### Hi! I'm Jeremy Hadfield
- 🔭 **I’m currently working on** finishing a Masters of Engineering Management at Dartmouth College (in November 2023), and working as a product intern at [Elicit](https://elicit.org/), based in Oakland, CA. 
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning about** how to build products with LLMs, affective neurocience, the philosophy of imagination & creativity, AI ethics, and the engineering of climate change. See [my website](https://jeremyhadfield.com/) and [Imaginaries](https://imaginaries.substack.com/) to see what I'm thinking about lately.
- 👯 **I’m looking to collaborate on** open-source projects on computational analysis of philosophical and literary texts, visualization and analysis of environmental issues, and projects or data analysis related to mental health. Also writing, art, & community-building! 
- 🤔 **I’m looking for help with** improving my technical skills in AI, thinking about life & career pathways, and critical feedback. 
- 💬 **Ask me about** the new science of consciousness, realizing imaginaries, existential philosophy, or AI-based tools for thought. 
- 📫 **How to reach me**: jeremy.hadf@gmail.com (personal), jeremyh.th@dartmouth.edu (school), jeremy@elicit.com (current work)

## Some Sample Projects
- **[Using ML to Optimize Steel Utilization for Hypertherm](https://github.com/jerhadf/hyperthermDAPL)** _(machine learning, data analytics, databases, SQL, Python)_ Processed over 100 million rows of data from plasma cutting machines and built ML models to predict steel utilization with high accuracy. Created a plan to prevent ~5k metric tons of CO2 and save ~$52 million each year.
- **[Great Salt Lake Project: A proof-of-concept for LLM-based stakeholder analysis for environmental problems](https://github.com/jerhadf/GreatSaltLakeCrisisAnalysis)** _(AI, LLMs, LangChain, Python, data visualization, data analytics)_ My climate change & engineering final project, where I used chained LLMs to generate simulated interviews with stakeholder groups to find representative responses to environmental problems based on expressed opinions from text data on the web. Then, I validated and evaluated these generated interviews with real interviews. I also completed intensive research and data analysis on a key environmental and climate problem - the collapse of the Great Salt Lake watershed and its impending dessication (it's drying up!). 
- **[AutoPulse: A Bot to Take CollegePulse Surveys](https://github.com/jerhadf/pulse-survey-bot):** _(Python, automated testing, web scraping, Selenium, white-hat hacking)_ An automated bot I built with Python to rapidly and automatically take all of the surveys on CollegePulse.com. To do this, I had to bypass Captchas, timers, rate limits, and other questions used to prevent bots from taking the surveys. CollegePulse is now a successful startup accepted at YCombinator S18, and most of the code I wrote is still in use for automated testing.
- **[CourseLoad: Aggregate Professor Reviews with Sentiment Analysis](https://github.com/jerhadf/courseLOAD):** _(Python, web scraping, NLP]_ A project I created with a partner for a Dartmouth hackathon, to solve recurring issues students experience when planning out course loads with scattered, incomplete information on courses and professors. We built a tool to aggregate professor reviews and turn them into a numerical score with sentiment analysis, and link them to course reviews. We later merged this functionality into the DALI Lab's DPlanner tool. 
- **[Imagination in Artificial Neural Networks](https://github.com/jerhadf/imagination-ANNs):** _[technical writing, machine learning]_ An article with original research and technical writing on how imagination can be implemented and modeled in ANNs. Reviews major ANN architectures and algorithms that employ imagination-like mechanisms. This also exists as a [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imagination_in_artificial_neural_networks) that I published and maintain. 
- **[DALI Lab Data Challenge](https://github.com/jerhadf/data_challenge_22w)** _[Python, Pandas, data analysis, dataviz, machine learning]_ A series of data analysis projects for the DALI Lab at dartmouth. I analyzed a dataset on global macroeconomics using Pandas, and answered four key questions about the data using MatPlotLib, Seaborn, and Plotly visualizations. I then used ML to predict macroeconomic outcomes. 
- **[Quote Displayer](https://github.com/jerhadf/quote-displayer):** _[HTML, CSS, Javascript]_ A website I built from scratch to retrieve a random quote (mostly from philosophy) from a database, and display a shareable quote on a simple, appealing interface.

- **To add/update soon:**
  - Experiments with Langchain
  - Talk to Nietzsche -- an LLM chatbot trained on Nietzsche's full texts
  - Solarpunk digital art - digital art for an interactive solarpunk mural, created with generative AI and other computational methods 
